Paul E. Roylance
CS 2610
5 May 2017

Project Report

This project has achieved an index page with the necessary format to
be beautiful and a coherent profile. The index page also contains the
necessary qualities to be a portfolio as it contains links to Django
template pages for projects. CSS styling is consistent between pages,
HTML contains dynamic Django, and pages are easily added through the
admin. Some items have not been accomplished at the time this report
was written. Yet to be achieved is a blurb that is different when the
page is reloaded, but will print out all available blurbs. Javascript
is yet to be utelized; however, javascript is planned to solve the
issue with the blurbs. An audio item is yet to be included in the
project. A temporary instance has been created, this will replaced
when a file has been uploaded. Javascript may also be used to resolve
two other issues. One is a sticky footer, the other is embed sections
that automatically adjust to an appropriate height such that a scroll
vertically is not ever present.

In regards to the proposal, some differences occured. HTML and CSS
were used much as expected, however, the roles Django and Javascript
were much unexpect. I anticipated Django would be used to hold data
that I would swap fairly randomly. Django is still expected to help
do this with the Blurbs (once resolved). The primary role of Django
is to create new pages with some particular item of my creation. This
is done dynamically through admin. This exceeded my expectations and
is very useful. The role of Javascript became obfuscated when I
realized that the proposed task of user interface was ridiculous and
unnecessary. Now I plan to solve the blurb issue with Javascript as
I cannot figure how to do it with Django. Javascript is not terribly
needed. The uses are few and far between.

No code was recycled from previous projects. Django and Javascript
projects were referred to as an aide to properly write needed code.
The only item recycled is the project proposal merely as a proof of
concept. The greatest semblance of a previous assignment is the polls
Django tutorial. This was a strong reference in producing Django code
in the beginning.

Existing products that seem to be the most similar to this project
are Facebook, GitHub, and blogs. Like Facebook, the project contains
a profile of the user (just myself at this time as that quality is
static). Like GitHub, creations are user orientated, as to display
all things by one user at a time. Like blogs, you could post writings
or some daily fabrication. As a whole, the project is like a public
profile for your creations, which could be updated daily in bloggish
fashion. As a whole, it may not be terribly impressive, but it is my
creation, so it has sentimental value to me as an online portfolio.
Essentially, it is a personal webpage.

I learned a lot about using the internet as a resource, I read forums
and checked out sites for ideas. I became much more familiar in the
structure of Django and on how to manipulate some urls and views to
have more control. I learned a bit mor on how Javascript is useful
(and painful) to apply to some things other utilities such as CSS or
Django struggle to do. I learned that being curious about how to do
some clever things can end up making the project cooler and easier.
The project was very much worth my time, I will continue to pursue it
after the end of class.

-----------------Achievements yet to be accomplished-----------------
Random Blurb      : 
Javascript Blurb  : 
Audio Item        : 
Sticky Footer     : 
Auto Embed Height : 